CS 410/510 Dependent Types
Assignment 0

Your name:
Your PSU email address:

Questions 0, 1, 2, 4, and 6 are each worth 20%.

0. What do you hope to get out of this class?


1. I sometimes like to use other programming languages as examples
   during lectures. To make sure they're relevant, please rate your
   background with the following languages from 0 to 3, where 0 means
   you've never used it, 1 means you've worked through a tutorial or
   two, 2 means you've made a significant project in it, and 3 means
   multiple years of experience:

 - Haskell
 - Scheme and/or Racket
 - Other languages in the Lisp family (Clojure, Common Lisp, Emacs Lisp)
 - OCaml
 - Java
 - Scala
 - Rust
 - Python


2. Do you have experience working on a command line?


3. Install Racket. If you're using the CS Department's machines, this
   has already been done.

   Then, install Pie, following the instructions at
   https://github.com/the-little-typer/pie#installation-instructions.


4. If the installation of Pie was successful, please enter the
   following into the definitions window in DrRacket and click "Run":

#lang pie

(claim cake Atom)
(define cake 'chocolate)

    Paste the output into your answer. If the installation was not
    successful, please describe the difficulties you encountered in
    detail.


5. Install the GHC Haskell compiler. The way to do this varies based on
   your operating system; see the "Minimal installers" section of
   https://www.haskell.org/downloads/ . If you're using the CS Department's
   machines, this has already been done.


6. Make sure that your Haskell installation works by opening "Main.hs"
   in the "arith" package in GHCI.

   This can be done directly, using
     ghci Main.hs
   in the src directory.

   You may also do the same thing using a build tool, with
     stack repl
   or 
     cabal new-repl

   Run the following:
     eval (Bin Plus (CstI 22) (CstI 44))
   and
     eval (Bin Div (CstI 44) (Bin Minus (CstI 3) (CstI 3)))

   Paste GHCI's output into your answer. If your Haskell installation
   does not seem to be working, please describe the difficulties you
   encountered in detail.


